"Some act secretly and
some stealthily..
..but I do it publicly
without fear."
"Some act secretly and
some stealthily..
..but I do it publicly
without fear."
"Who can harm me when
God is my saviour?"
"Keep changing disguises and
worries won't come near."
"Two plus two is four
and a half here."
"Many are vanquished by fate."
"This simpleton got two
wives in his bait."
"This is a game of destiny."
"If you win you can
sleep soundly."
"But sometimes bad luck can show you
Stars in daylight, dear."
"Two plus two is four
and a half here."
"Don't cower for every one gets
one's share of booty."
"Sometimes lady luck can shower
wealth on unworthy."
"This is a simple motto, enjoy
what you can muster."
"When his two worlds will cross,
there will be disaster."
"Two plus two is four
and a half here."
(Groans)
Everything is at its place.
Oh God! What happened now?
What.. where?
This.. everything is fine.
That.. dream. Dream.
- Dream? - Yes.
Imagination?
- Yes.
I'm sure there is
something fishy.
What.. what's fishy!
You've lost your mind.
Me.. great! You're accusing me?
Accusing!
- Hey..
You act funny! You never
let me sleep at peace!
Such a pain!
Everyone dreams! It
isn't in our hand.
Exactly. It's not in our
hand, but in our head.
Go and consult a psychiatrist.
And get it treated.
Treatment?
(Whispers) How can I tell about my dreams?
(Whispers) She's nagging early morning.
You've lost your mind!
- I was thinking.
What are you thinking!
It's over the limit.
Find a permanent solution!
It's a big pain!
How long will you scream!
Look at the time and day!
Today is Rashmi's birthday.
Don't start nagging first thing
in the morning.
Oh, dear!
You remember your daughter's birthday.
- Obviously.
It's Rashmi's birthday,
then Ra..
Then it will be your birthday.
I think, I..
- Go and freshen up!
Ok. I'll freshen up!
It's Rahul's birthday too.
I should leave!
Father, today is my birthday,
yet you're going on a tour.
I won't talk to you.
Child, I'm helpless! I've
no other option.
No option! Say, you don't care.
You always come and
leave in a hurry.
You don't stay at home.
Dear, I'm doing all this for you.
- Yes.
But stay today for my birthday.
What can I do, child?
Today is your brother
Rahul's birthday too.
Both were born on the same day.
God's ways are strange!
God's ways or your
ways are strange?
Can't you stay home for a day
on your child's birthday?
It makes a big difference
to me, not to you.
Do I always act so?
I love you, similarly
I love him..
What? Whom?
I mean my job and my duty.
Yes! - I refer getting scolded
by my daughter than my boss.
You'll like if I get insulted.
She doesn't respect me!
- Child, tell me.
Will you like if anyone scolds me
on your birthday?
Tell me, Rashmi.
Father, you may go.
- Ok.
Look at the difference
between your age.
Learn to be wise like her.
You've lost your mind.
Why does she always say so?
Let it be.
- Ok.
My gift?
- It'll be home in the afternoon.
Home delivery.
- Sure?
Promise.
By the way, happy birthday.
- Thank you.
Come quickly.
How much is the fare?
- 130.
Brother.
- What?
Dhodhapkar's friend is here.
Yes, for the pay 25 years
I've been seeing this.
Why does he come daily?
Take, sir.
- There is some secret.
They're best friends.
(Door knocking)
- That's fine..
..but Dhodhapkar has passed
his marriageable age..
..why doesn't he marry.
(Laughs)
Come.
He should get what he desires!
(Laughs)
He came early in the morning
to ruin my sleep.
(Door knocking) Dhodhapkar.
- Coming.
Open the door.
Hey, fool! Get up. Don't sleep.
What is it early in the morning?
Early morning! It's noon and
you say it's morning.
You're still sleeping. Get up.
I can do whatever I
want in my house.
You've no discipline to wake up.
That's why you don't get a girl.
Don't rub salt on my wounds.
Forget get. Get ready quickly.
Come. - Where?
- We've to go out.
Come.
- I won't come with you.
Don't say that. Today is Rahul's
and Rashmi's birthday.
I've to give them gifts. Come quickly.
- I'll drop you.
I'm not your servant.
You're my good friend.
Come quickly.
You married twice secretly and
I've to face the problems.
Dhodhapkar, one should
have good luck for it.
Marriages are made in heaven.
We're nothing!
- You're shameless.
Have some shame!
Dhodhapkar, what's there
to be ashamed about?
Circumstances forced
me to remarry.
I didn't get a chance
to marry once.
(Laughs)
How can you? Luck favours
those who work hard.
You're insulting me.
- Shut up!
I'm talking about myself.
Tell me, if you find a winning
lottery ticket on road..
..will you cash it or tear it.
Don't call sister-in-law Anjali,
a lottery ticket.
What happened?
Dhodhapkar, talk to me
with respect. Got it?
Was I responsible for sir
Jagirdar's accident?
It was a terrible situation.
I was the one and only one.
Got it?
- Is your recording over?
It's fact. And you
know everything.
Yet you taunt me.
Be careful while talking to me.
- I accept my mistake.
But don't you think that you're
betraying your two wives?
Fool! Both my wives don't know..
..so there is no question
of betrayal.
(Laughs)
This is called administration
skill.
And honestly, it's possible
only because of you.
Only because of you.
Credit goes to you.
Let's go.
- Where?
Fool, we've to buy gifts
to Rashmi and Rahul.
There's something wrong.
What?
- I forgot to do some work.
We'll do it later. I'll
drop you on the way.
No, how can you help me
in my personal work?
What work?
Yes, I forgot to bathe.
Who will look at you? Come.
- At least let me brush.
You don't need to. Come.
Brother, they're going.
Brother, tell me something.
What?
- He comes in cab and goes in car.
He comes in car and goes in cab.
When he comes in the house,
they close the door.
I don't know what's going on.
Didn't I tell you earlier?
(Laughs)
Dhodhapkar.
- Yes.
I've bought a laptop for Rahul
and one for Rashmi.
It'll be even.
- Right.
Let's buy a calculator too.
Why?
- I wanted to have a calculator of my own.
So can I buy it? On my account.
You don't have wife or child,
so forget the account.
Keep it there.
- Listen, Anant..
I'll buy on your birthday.
- Ok.
Sure. - Sure?
- Let's go.
You'll really buy it.
- Yes. - Let's go.
I'll gift you.
- Ok, fine.
Ok.
- Yes.
I'm buying these two laptops.
(Phone rings)
Excuse me.
Manish, pack this.
- (Phone rings)
It's Rahul's phone.
- Listen..
..give Rahul and Rashmi's
address and..
..tell them to deliver them.
- Ok.
We've to deliver them on
different addresses. - Ok.
This is for Rahul.. write down the name.
- Ok.
Rahul Kitturkar and
Rashmi Kitturkar.
Yes, Rahul.
Happy birthday to you.
- Thanks, dad.
I'm sending a surprise gift.
- What's the gift?
How can I tell you the surprise?
By the way, where are you?
(Clears throat) I'm at.. the airport.
I've just landed.
And I'm going to office.
- Oh!
We'll go for dinner
in the evening.
No. I'm going to pub
with my friends.
No, problem. Enjoy yourself.
Put mother on line.
- It's dad.
Hello.
Where are you? No
phone, nothing.
Sir, check the addresses.
You've written it, it must be
correct. I don't need to check.
Sonali?
- Yes. - Nice name.
Have I hidden anything from you?
Have I done anything
to arouse doubts?
I know. But I get tense
seeing you so busy.
Don't worry. Don't be tense.
We'll take dinner tonight. Bye.
Is your marriage fixed?
- No.
Your family are looking for a groom?
- Yes.
Really? Very good.
Gave the addresses?
- Yes.
Please, delivery is urgent.
- I'll see to it.
Manish, take this.
- Manisha.
He's Manish. Take it.
Take it quickly.
Where do you stay?
- Kandivali.
Ok. East or West.
- On the station.
Come.
She's married.
- She said no.
It's obvious from her face.
- I asked her.
Come with me.
- Listen..
Why are you quiet?
I'm thinking?
- About what?
I can't remember that.
(Laughs)
Yes, calculator.
- I don't remember.
I just remembered.
I've a question.
How can you lie so casually?
It's no big deal.
When we lie, we've to
remember everything.
I don't remember what happened
a moment ago.
And you've been lying for
the past 25 years.
If a man wants to be happy,
he has to lie a little.
No. It's against my principle.
Those don't get chance,
talk of principles.
You're right.
I show bow to you. How
do you manage it?
I use some brains and some lies.
One shouldn't confuse oneself.
Two houses in two directions.
No connection. Simple.
We're old friends but you
didn't take me home.
Friendship is for outside,
not in the house.
But you come to my
house anytime.
You ruin my privacy.
What about that?
You've no wife so why privacy?
Some day I'll tell your two
wives everything. - Ok.
I'll be get rid of
all my problems.
You've been threatening
me for 25 years.
It's not possible for you.
Ok.
- Where should I drop you?
Drop me here. Pull over right now.
Ok.
- Stop. - Don't shout.
Wait a minute.
This isn't my father's road.
Pull over.
- Ok, dear.
I'll go to Ghatkopar and tell
sister-in-law Anjali everything.
Anjali lives in Malabar Hill,
not Ghatkopar.
And Rahul?
- Of course with Anjali in Malabar Hill.
What happened?
I've been thinking
what I did wrong.
Meaning? What did you do?
Did you interchange
the addresses?
You say that Rashmi and not
Rahul stays in Ghatkopar..
Dhodhapkar, what have you done?
I'm ruined.
- I made a mistake.
Is it so simple! You've
said it so easily!
You're telling me now.
I just remembered because
that topic came up.
Oh! I'm doomed!
If gifts are interchanged,
I'll be ruined.
And these days deliveries are really quick.
- Shut up!
Sonali!
- Yes.
Excuse me.
I told you to deliver two gifts.
- Rahul and Rashmi.
Two laptops.
- Malabar Hill and Ghatkopar.
Sir, we've delivered them.
Sonali, there is a problem.
Addresses were wrong.
I know. Rahul Kitturkar had phoned.
- What did he say?
He asked for Rashmi's number.
You didn't give him.
- I gave him.
You gave him!
- What have you done?
He's Anant Kitturkar. He has
two wives and two children.
One is in Ghatkopar and
one in Malabar Hill. - Anant left.
Tell me your Kandivali's
address correctly..
..so that there is no problem.
Platform number two.
Is her father a porter?
Where do you stay?
- (Rashmi) Ghatkopar.
Oh! Ghatkopar!
- Yes.
And you?
- In Malabar Hill. - Oh!
And don't be so formal?
(Rahul) Call me just Rahul.
- Ok.
Rahul.
- I like it.
What?
- Your name.
Rashmi. Very nice.
Anyways, many, many happy
returns of the day.
Oh! Thank you. Wish
you the same.
But what about my gift?
- And mine?
Where should we meet?
Sixth Sense Mall.
(Rashmi) Ok, no problem.
(Phone rings)
- Just hold.
Hello.
Hi, sweetheart.
- Hello, can I call you later?
Listen. Many, many happy
returns of the day.
Thanks, darling.
I'm busy right now.
Can I call you back?
Listen.
- I'll phone you later.
Bye.
- But..
Yes, Rashmi. In the
evening. Confirmed?
Ok. - But how will we recognize
each other?
We'll have gifts in our hands.
Yes, correct.
What are you saying?
Even Anant?
- Yes.
And Kitturkar too?
Not just that. Our birthday
falls today.
Oh! Really?
That's why gifts were exchanged.
I talked to him.
But where does this Rahul
Kitturkar lives?
In Malabar Hill.
- Oh, dear! Malabar Hill!
We should call him home once.
We're going to meet?
- You've fixed a meeting?
To exchange the gifts.
Meet him. We should meet
people at this age.
(Laughs)
Why are you laughing?
Nothing. I just thought
of something.
What?
- That..
..if you marry him..
..you won't have to change
surname after marriage.
Mother, you're too much!
I've not even seen him.
What's the need?
He lives in Malabar Hill.
So were so many coincidences!
This too can work out!
Right?
- Please.
(Anant) You fool! Do you know how big
mistake you've made?
(Anant) You've put me in a problem!
- (Dhodhapkar groans)
(Dhodhapkar) But to err is human!
What's the big deal!
Human! You're a donkey!
(Dhodhapkar groans)
Anant, it was fun!
But you're not as
strong as before!
Do you know what a big
mistake you did?
Till today I didn't let
anybody know about it.
Because of you today Rahul
and Rashmi will meet.
A brother and sister
will meet. So what?
It's good.
Are you out of your mind?
They don't know they're
brother and sister.
They'll be surprised when they meet?
So what?
- Yes.
What about my ruination?
I don't like this.
You always think of yourself.
I'm thinking about
the entire family.
Come here.
From Rahul's behaviour I felt
that he was impressed by Rashmi.
What if they fall in love?
- Oh, dear!
What if they decide to marry?
Oh God! I didn't think of that.
And it'll be because of you.
Remember that!
We've to find a permanent solution.
- Yes.
(Snaps finger) Yes.
- What?
Rahul is going to meet Rashmi.
- Yes.
But..
- But..
Not the real Rahul.
Fake Rahul Kitturkar.
He should be so dangerous
that Rashmi..
..shouldn't even mention
Rahul's name.
Do you know any such boy? Yes?
Dangerous?
Bandya.
- Bandya?
(Music)
"This is love. This is love."
"Don't pine me. Come
and kiss me."
"Your charm makes my
heart skip a beat."
"Don't pine me. Come
and kiss me."
"Your charm makes my
heart skip a beat."
"Come, dear. I don't want
to live without you."
"This craving makes
me restless."
"This is the spell
of your love."
"This is the spell of your love.
This is the spell of your love."
(Music)
"When you touch me,
a desire is aroused."
"I can't ever forget your
enchanting beauty."
"Come, dear. I don't want
to live without you."
"This craving makes
me restless."
"This is the spell
of your love."
"This is the spell of your love.
This is the spell of your love."
(Music)
"This is love."
"I've gone crazy after seeing
you, queen of beauty."
"Will you keep me the
joy of the world?"
"Come, dear. I don't want
to live without you."
"This craving makes
me restless."
"This is the spell
of your love."
"This is the spell of your love.
This is the spell of your love."
"This is love. This is love."
You've to do just that.
What are you saying?
Is this appropriate?
- Meaning?
You're the first father who
wants to get your daughter wooed!
I didn't say that. Don't
talk rubbish!
Mind your language.
Mind your language! What
are you saying?
Dhodhapkar, where
did you find him?
I'm going.
- Listen.
Talk to me properly.
- Ok.
He's right, brother.
He wants you to create hatred
for you in his daughter's heart.
She shouldn't see you again.
Me? But what relation
I've with her?
No you, you should go
as Rahul Kitturkar.
Ok.
It's a matter of love.
Problem of love!
No. There will be problem
if they fall in love.
But what's the boy's fault?
He's a stupid fool!
Just like his dad. Apple doesn't
fall far from tree.
Dhodhapkar.
(Laughs)
No, I mean.. this is
a case of slyness.
I find him sly.
You're right.
- Dhodhapkar.
It's no wrong. Remember
one thing.
We shouldn't hide anything from
doctor, lawyer and don.
Ok.
Ok, take this.
She'll be carrying a gift
wrapped in blue paper.
You should just go and exchange
gifts. That's all.
Why?
- Actually 24 years ago, this Anant..
(Clears throat)
Dhodhapkar, shut up!
- Ok.
Do as I say.
Don't ask other question?
Ok.
Give me advance.
- Ok.
But somehow stop brother
and sister from meeting.
Brother and sister.
No, he means brother (don),
protect the sister.
Ok. Brother (don) should protect
the sister. Right?
Yes, right.
Take money. Evening at 6 pm
at Sixth Sense Mall. Ok?
Let's go.
- Ok.
Give it to him.
You're taking the cups too.
- No.
Come. Come.
Gift?
What gift?
Dad had sent it.
Dad? Where and when?
Forget it.
Oh no! It had to break
down today.
(Phone rings)
It's Tanuja.
Yes, Tanuja?
- Rahul, you were going to phone me.
Ok. Tell me, where will we go?
Sweetheart, it's not possible
to meet today.
Rahul, you won't meet me
on your birthday.
Actually I've to go for an
urgent meeting with father.
We'll celebrate tomorrow.
Please try to understand.
Father came. I've to go.
I'll call you later.
Ok, bye.
Your daughter has grown so big.
She was small when she was a kid.
- Kids are small.
Where is Bandya?
- I don't know.
But what if Rahul comes before Bandya.
- Don't say that.
Rahul won't come. I've
arranged that.
(Gasps)
What happened?
- Look, Rahul has come.
(Laughs)
He has grown so big.
Hair has turned grey.
He looks like a villager.
Fool, that's the taxi driver.
Can't you see the
boy next to him?
Now what?
Hi!
Tanuja! What are you doing here?
Really? What are you doing here?
You'd an urgent meeting.
- Yes.
But actually..
- Oh! Dating!
With whom?
- Are you mad?
Will I look at any other girl
besides you? Is it possible?
You're avoiding me
on your birthday.
I won't leave you today. Come.
- Tanu..
Please listen.
- Come.
It's not so.
- Really?
Listen to me.
- No.
(Sighs)
He left.
- Who was the girl? - I don't know.
But she came like an angel.
Anant, your son is
just like you.
It's important that problem is over.
- Yes.
Should we stop Bandya?
- No.
Let her detest Rahul.
I don't want this trouble again.
- Don't worry.
Bandya will make her hate Rahul.
She won't remember Rahul again.
You said correct for the first time.
- It's out of question.
Are you looking so someone?
What's this?
What are police?
They're my boys.
Your boys are police?
It's my gang.
- Oh!
Why did you come late?
The work isn't so simple.
I've a plan to create
bad impression..
..in front of your daughter.
- You made the plan. So come now.
Where is the gift box?
Hey, don't talk to me like
this or we're leaving.
Wait! Wait!
Where is the gift box?
Are these eyes or just drawings?
Tell him..
- Can't you see?
It's there.
Hurry up. It's getting late.
Bandya.
- Speak like that.
- Come on. - Come.
Come.
What's your name?
Rahul Kitturkar.
Who? Rahul Kitturkar.
Yes. Rahul Kitturkar.
Who? Tell us.
Are you Rahul Kitturkar?
Should I scream that
I'm Rahul Kitturkar?
You fight? You bully around?
You committed theft!
Whack this fool!
Hit him!
Now what?
Slowly!
Hey, you..
Now what?
Brother, what happened?
What's going on? Let's check it.
What happened, brother?
Why are you hitting us?
Stop! Smarty, you're hitting
police! Who are you?
No. Listen to me, sir.
Sir, I'm Rahul Kitturkar.
It's not my fault.
Sir, they're goons.
Goons? Really?
- Yes.
You call police goons.
- Sir, they're not police.
Ask them if they've
ID cards. Ask them.
Where is your ID card?
- He has it.
No, he has it.
- It must be having it.
No, sir. He has it.
- It's ID card..
..or coupon.
Sir, they're fake.
Let's go. - Fake?
- Yes. - Fake.
Let's run!
- Sir, they're fake.
Gift!
(Music)
"Let's make merry in
this ambience."
"We have become a couple."
"Let's make merry in
this ambience."
"We have become a couple."
"Let's hug.
- Let's lose ourselves."
"Let's kiss.
- Let the world get jealous."
"We'll spurn this world."
(Music)
"Let's make merry in
this ambience."
"We have become a couple."
Come on.
(Music)
"Life is short. Let's enjoy it."
"Let's fly like butterflies."
"This youth is unrestrained."
"Let's roam like free birds."
"Let's hug.
- Let's lose ourselves."
"Let's kiss.
- Let the world get jealous."
"We'll spurn this world."
(Music)
"Let's make merry in
this ambience."
"We have become a couple."
"Let's make merry in
this ambience."
"We have become a couple."
Got it?
Are you ready?
It's party time!
"It's the season of love."
"My heart is filled
with delight."
"Let's spread affection."
"The world dances in
shower of rain."
"Let's hug.
- Let's lose ourselves."
"Let's kiss.
- Let the world get jealous."
"We'll spurn this world."
(Music)
"Let's make merry in
this ambience."
"We have become a couple."
"Let's make merry in
this ambience."
"We have become a couple."
Bye.
- Bye.
I can't believe we met
coincidentally..
..and in the first meeting..
I too can't believe it.
Rashmi, it happened because
of your father.
How is he related to it?
Relationship?
There is a relationship.
Your father's name is
Anant Kitturkar..
..and my father's name too
is Anant Kitturkar.
That's why this started
Yes. - And your father sired
you that's why we met.
(Laughs)
I love your sense of humour.
I love everything about you.
Great! So coy!
Amazing!
Ok, bye.
- Bye.
Bye.
Yes!
Stop.
Shut up! Leave me.
Listen. You're trying to trap
my daughter in your love.
How dare you!
Did you forget out deal?
Our had a deal.
- Yes.
But what can I do if she
gave me her heart?
I can't help that we're
in love. Right?
Right?
- It just happened.
What?
- Yes. - Forgot our deal?
You told me to get
into her head.
But she entered my heart.
So what can I do?
Scum! Lowly!
- What should I do to him? - Nothing.
I'll strangle you.
- Really? - Yes.
You'll strange me?
- Yes.
You'll make your daughter
a widow before marriage.
Are you a father or a butcher?
No matter what, I'm her father.
You've no relationship with her.
- Why not?
We're in love.
I'm going to marry Rashmi.
Marriage?
- Yes. - Get lost.
It's not possible even in 7 births.
- Forget 7 births.
I'll marry Rashmi
in this lifetime.
Just try to even look at her.
Sorry. I erred.
I won't look at her.
I'll close my eyes and settle
a family with her.
Ok?
- Family.
Don't dream. I won't
spare you alive.
You don't know me yet.
Remember that?
I'm not scared.
Listen, Mr. Kitturkar.
You're Rashmi's father that's
why I heard all this.
You too don't know me yet.
- Really?
I'll tell Rashmi your
truth right away.
Come. I'll come too. Let's go.
I'll tell your two wives
and two children..
..that Anant Kitturkar
isn't two, but one.
Let's go. Are you coming?
Dhodhapkar.
I didn't tell him.
Hey! It's not his fault.
Before doing any job,
I find all the details.
Yes. It's my style.
Now tell me. Should I tell them?
What can I say between
relatives?
I'm after all an outsider.
Yes, he has a point.
Hey, Bandya! What have you done?
Anant is like a snake.
If he's snake, I'm
a snake charmer.
I'll make him dance to my tune.
Let's go. Sit.
Today is program.
I'm going to meet Sharmila.
Want to meet her?
Let's go.
Wait. Wait a minute.
Actually my right leg
is weak. Move on.
What should I say to her?
- No need. She has decided it.
I'll be free too once
she gets married.
You'll get free, but she'll
be stuck for life.
Think of her and
not of yourself.
I'm thought about it.
You want to marry
him because his..
..father's name is same as mine.
No.
Rahul is smart and dashing!
He's from a rich family
yet he has no attitude.
His attitude!
You've gone mad in her love.
You won't know dashing.
Shut up!
Father, have you met him?
No. Then why do you object.
- You're right.
Rashmi, don't listen to him.
He has lost his mind.
He's used to finding faults
in everything.
Listen to me and call Rahul.
At least we'll get to meet two
Anant Kitturkar together. - Really?
Thank you.
Two Kitturkar don't exist.
How can he bring him?
He'll get caught.
Phone him. I'll talk to him.
(Gasps)
Father, I love you.
Just a minute.
Bandya, you betrayed us!
I betrayed you!
I told you to act, but you
started over-acting. - Over acting.
You hit me so bad.
You deserve it.
- (Phone rings)
It's true.
Rashmi's phone.
Excuse me. I'll be back.
Hi, Rashmi.
- Hi, Rahul.
What's up?
Listen, father wants
to talk to you.
Father.. yes, sure.
Put him on the line.
What?
- Look..
What's do you want? Get lost.
Yes.
Hello, son Rahul.
This is Anant Kitturkar.
Yes, father-in-law.
Rashmi was praising you.
I've a praise-worthy personality
that's why Rashmi fell in love with me.
Father-in-law, you've got a one
in a million son-in-law.
Right.
What? Get going.
We'll see later.
But we want to meet you.
- Best.
Don't delay good deed.
I'll come right away.
We'll fix the marriage.
Right?
- Yeah!
I'll pelt you!
We'll surely meet. But don't
forget to bring your parents.
Parents?
I want to meet industrialist
Anant Kitturkar.
Look, father-in-law.
There is a problem.
Don't drag the matter.
You've started it. So everything
should be discussed now.
I've to check everything. We're
from the girl's side.
You're from the girl's side.
Try to give some ground.
Don't talk of parents.
Please listen to me.
Do come at 10 am tomorrow with
your parents for sure.
Ok, bye.
Hello. Hello.
What happened, Bandya? Ah?
Where to get parents from?
Parents?
If father finds out that
I'm getting married..
Father! Father!
- What are you doing?
You're bothering me..
Will you keep quiet?
You keep quiet! You've
pampered him.
Father, don't force me.
- Shut up!
How can I refuse Mr. Rao now?
The way you accepted it.
I'll slap you, Bandya.
(Gunshot)
Abba, don't dare to refuse me.
I'll shoot you.
I'm Mr. Rao Hande Patil.
I don't like rejection.
Accept it.
Who is refusing? Please
calm down.
Give me the gun.
(Crying)
Dear, why are you crying?
We're here.
Please calm down. I'm telling
you they'll get married.
I won't marry.
Even your father will marry her.
- Go ahead. - Sure.
What? - I mean we'll fix their
engagement tomorrow for sure.
No, father.
(Bandya) 'I decided I won't stay there.'
'I took the bus to
Mumbai next day.'
How can I get parents now?
Industrialist Anant Kitturkar.
Father-in-law.
I've a befitting reply
to your every ruse.
I'm Bandya.
Why are you reading newspaper.
Get to work.
- Guests are coming.
That fool won't come.
I can assure you.
I don't know why you're angry
on that poor Rahul.
Poor! He's a loafer.
May I come in?
- No, wait.
Where are your parents?
Father.
(Father coughs)
Please come.
Greetings. I'm Anant Kitturkar.
Dhodhapkar, you?
Mr. Anant Rao Kitturkar.
My father.
And my mother Anjali Kitturkar's husband.
- Anju Darling.
You..
- What is it? - What?
Don't make guests stand
at the door.
Please come in.
- Come, father.
Guests have come.
- (Rashmi) Coming.
I'll show you.
Oh dear!
Come in, son-in-law.
What are you doing?
Listen..
- What?
I think sir didn't like
our coming here.
No.
- Hi.
Hi.
Who will like if goons like
you come to their houses?
Name must be same, but
what about the status?
What are you saying?
Is this the way to
talk to guests?
We're from girl's side.
- I know, that you I said it. Quiet!
I should be quiet!
You're telling me.
Are you mad?
(Laughs)
- Shut up!
Who won't go mad looking
at such a lowly man?
Cheat, traitor and alcoholic!
Rahul's father.
Rahul's father is like this!
He drinks and lies on road.
(Gasps)
He used to.
He used to. I was way back.
He hasn't even touched a drop
of liquor for years now.
It's been 40 years.
- Yes.
40 years?
How old are you?
- 39.
(Bandya clears throat)
45.
45?
It means when he was 5..
At the age of 5. Yes.
Actually when he was 5,
granny know his vices.
So she didn't even let him
touch a drop of liquor.
She gave him bottle.
Saw?
- Of milk.
Let it be.
Thank God he quit drinking.
- Completely. - It's good.
But your mother didn't come.
Where is she? Where is your mother?
Where?
She'll come.
- When?
That.. she'll be here.
- But when?
Mother.
Come.
(Yawns)
Oh dear!
Look!
You look!
Hi, guys.
Come, mother.
She looks so nice!
Come.
Please sit.
Sit.
- No please.
If I sit, I'll fall asleep.
You do your work quickly.
I danced whole night,
so my feet are..
Exhausted!
She dances whole night.
She dances! Saw?
So what?
For work she has to go around.
That's called dancing.
She has to meet different
type of people..
..that's why her language
has been ruined.
My child!
- Enough!
Your mother-in-law is so hard working.
You'll be her daughter-in-law. Greet her.
- Ok.
Greetings.
(Whistles)
Bandya.
What a great item you've
found, pal!
Absolutely superb!
Right.
What's right?
- This..
Bandya.
Saw? His name is Bandya,
not Rahul.
No. It means my real
name is Rahul..
..but mother calls me
Bandya with love.
So what? Didn't you mother
used to call you Dhondiya?
(Laughs)
Listen!
- Shut up!
Can you dance?
Dear, salsa!
My daughter isn't interested in
such cheap profession. - Father.
I'll learn.
Mother-in-law is great,
you too should learn.
My life got wasted.
She'll dance.
- What dance!
Bandya, give me a green note.
Why?
Give me.
She means betel leaf.
You keep them anywhere.
It's here.
God save you from evil eyes!
Take this.
- Thank you.
Don't take it with hands.
Take it with your mouth.
Oh dear!
Get back.
What's going on!
This is token on seeing the
face of daughter-in-law.
And this is our custom!
It's very interesting.
Her mother didn't know anything.
- What?
Rashmi, give him treat
in our style.
Really?
- Yes.
Not in front of everyone.
No.
She went to get sweets!
In front of everyone!
She went to get sweets?
- Yes.
So should I consider
this alliance fixed?
Yes. Absolutely.
- Not at all.
No, it's not possible.
- Why not?
They've house in Malabar Hill.
They've an industry.
What do they lack?
I'll tell you what
the problem is.
He feels inferiority complex.
Inferiority complex.
- Yes. Listen..
Look at your status and our status.
- Right.
Father-in-law, don't worry
about the status.
We accept your daughter
in any condition.
Heard him!
- We'll spend more.
Right, dad?
We'll spend. We don't care.
I won't spend money. I can
afford it. I'm telling you.
Hear this pauper industrialist.
Saw?
- What?
What to see?
- I asked the same. - (Yawns)
What do you mean?
- Whom are you talking to?
Dad has transferred all the
money in my account.
Dear!
- I see all the deals.
Saw?
- Right.
Right, mom?
- (Yawns)
I'm feeling sleepy.
Just a minute. Before sleeping
have some sweets.
Rashmi, bring sweets.
Hurry up!
Bring it.
Have sweets.
Now consider this
alliance fixed.
Leave me.
- It's fixed.
Father-in-law, have some sweets.
One all.
(Anant) Cheat! Scum!
- (Dhodhapkar) Anant.
(Dhodhapkar) Anant.
- (Anant) You're a traitor.
(Dhodhapkar) Anant, you always think of
yourself. Look at this Bandya.
He's a foe, yet he promised to
get me married to Sharmila.
That's why you became
his fake father.
For Sharmila I can do anything.
Ok.
- (Laughs)
Now tell me.
Ok. Fine.
We're no more friends.
Henceforth don't meet me alone.
If I see you alone, that'll be
the last day of your life.
Don't meet me alone.
You've been under stress
for the past few days.
Is there a problem?
It's nothing like that, but..
..I've to handle this big
business that's why..
..I get some problems.
That's why I tell you to involve
Rahul in your affairs.
I mean, in your business.
He's not a kid anymore.
Where is he?
What's your father's name?
Anant Kitturkar.
Keep the snacks down.
Father.
- Anant Kitturkar?
That pauper! You're his son.
Get out. I say get out.
Father. - What happened?
Do you know my father?
I know him well. He used
to work for me.
It's before you were born.
What are you saying?
- He's a worthless chap!
He didn't take work seriously.
He made mistakes.
He told me he didn't want to
work, but do business..
..so he begged for money.
I thought of helping a man
from our community..
..so I gave him Rs. 10,000 at that time.
Rs.10,000?
- Yes.
That scum went to bar and spend
my hard earned money.
No. I won't let my daughter
marry in such a lowly man's house.
It's the end.
- Father.
You're surely mistaken.
Mistaken! Is your mother's
name Manorama.
You've a sister?
No, I'm the only child.
Manorama isn't my mother..
Oh! Right. Right.
Rashmi. Rashmi Kitturkar.
Yes. That Anant Kitturkar
is Rashmi's father.
He must've tricked you.
He's not my father, but some
other Anant Kitturkar.
Yes, only names are same.
Two Anant Kitturkar
with same names.
I don't believe it.
Uncle, believe me.
He must be someone else.
He's not my father.
I'm telling the truth.
You're his only son, right?
Yes. I swear.
Father, Rahul never lies.
I know him from inside out.
- Yes.
(Coughs)
Inside-out?
I mean he's good at heart.
He isn't what he looks like.
He's so nice, so how can
his father be a cheat?
It means you've no relation
with that pauper.
Mother, open your eyes.
Your daughter-in-law's snap
is in front of you.
Oh goddess!
Yes.
I'm happy with you.
Your son's desires
are fulfilled.
Now first making offering on
your daughter-in-law's..
..behalf then mine.
Bandya!
- Mother!
Mother.
- You're kidding.
You kidding with goddess!
- No, with you.
You're kidding me! Aren't
you ashamed?
(Laughs)
Where were you for so many days?
Forget me..
..and look at your
daughter-in-law's snap.
That's her.
- What?
No. Very good. Nice girl. Good.
What's her name?
- Tanuja.
Tanuja. Nice name.
Did you see her?
Yes, I saw the snap.
And Rahul's choice can't
be wrong. I know.
Is she final?
- Yes. What do you mean?
We fixed it when we were in college.
- Ok.
Then why were you flirting
with other girls?
Which girl?
Should I tell you?
Let it be. This is
young generation.
Dad, I like meeting girls
just for time pass.
Ok. Time pass.
If you hadn't gone
to meet Rashmi..
..this wouldn't have happened.
Stupid!
What happened? What are you thinking?
Is there a problem?
No, problem. We'll see her.
Her father called you
tomorrow to meet him.
What does her father do?
- He has a business.
He owns Paranjpay tourism
and travel company.
What happened?
(Gunshot)
- (Dad) Bandya! - I'm doomed!
Father came.
- (Dad) Bandya!
I'll flee. I'll come to take you
when the wedding is fixed.
But don't tell anyone anything.
Start the bike quickly.
Dad has come.
Ride, my dear. Hurry up!
Hurry up!
Come on, hurry up.
Bandya! Bandya, stop!
Bandya!
Is this the way to drive?
It's stuck.
What happened? It's stuck in pothole.
What was he saying?
Before saying anything he
fled when you screamed.
Is it right?
Where can he go? He
has to return.
I won't spare him.
This machine has let us down!
- What can we do with it? - What?
Start it. Take it back. Come on.
God knows where he went?
(Anant) 'Don't meet me alone.'
Dhodhapkar. Listen.
Listen to me.
Anant, this is wrong.
It's not wrong. It's right.
I tell you, everything is
fair in love and war.
I apologize to you. I've erred.
I don't love Sharmila.
I don't want to marry her.
I won't become Anant
Kitturkar again.
You've to become
Anant Kitturkar.
No. I don't want to get involve in it.
- I made a mistake.
Calm down.
- Ok.
I won't do anything to you.
We're old friends.
- Right.
That's why I say, you've to
become Anant Kitturkar again.
What?
- Yes. Listen.
My son Rahul loves a
girl named Tanuja.
Oh God!
Is Tanuja your daughter too?
- No.
She's not my daughter. She's
Mr. Paranjpay's daughter.
But Paranjpay knows me as Rashmi's father.
- Ok.
Now how can I go to his house
as Rahul's father.
(Laughs)
Ok. It means you're in a problem
that's why you came to me.
You called me traitor, lowly.
You came to hit me.
I apologize to you.
We're old friends.
Why do you apologize?
- Why?
You can do it for Bandya,
but not for me.
Not for Bandya, but I
did it for Sharmila.
I'll help you to marry Sharmila.
Yes. I promise you.
Please, I'm in a problem.
Help me.
Mr. Paranjpay will get fooled..
..but what about Rahul and
sister-in-law Anjali.
It's easy. We'll got
before they reach..
..and we'll cancel the marriage
and disappear.
Who are you?
Anant Kitturkar.
- What? - Anant Kitturkar.
I'm Anant Kitturkar.
Mr. Kitturkar. Please come.
Tanu.
- (Tanuja) Coming, father.
Come.
Come. Please sit.
You? How come you're here?
What?
- How dare you come here?
What are you saying?
He's Anant Kitturkar, my friend.
Actually we met on the way.
He didn't know your address
so I brought him here.
Thank you. Now get lost.
What are you saying, Paranjpay?
Is this decency?
You don't know but he's
a rogue! Kitturkar.
Whom do you called a rogue?
Our name is same.
We're Kitturkar. His insult is my insult.
Should we leave?
No, I erred. I didn't mean it.
Please sit.
- Ok. Anant Rao, sit.
She came.
Come, Tanu.
Look, Mr. Kitturkar has come.
Greetings.
Greet him.
- Go, child..
..bring two cups of tea.
- One cup of tea.
He won't drink, I'll.
Let us see if you can make tea.
Ok.
- Sit, Mr. Paranjpay. Sit.
Please sit.
Listen, Kitturkar. Kitturkar!
There is nothing special.
I don't like the girl.
How are you related?
Listen.
When will Rahul's mother
and Rahul come?
They'll come any moment.
So finish it quickly.
I've no time.
How.. shut up! How are you related?
What are you saying,
Mr. Paranjpay?
He's going to taking about the
deals on our behalf. - Yes.
Deals? Meaning?
Marriage is like a deal.
Dowry and other customs..
Man must be accurate
while using words.
Deal! That's the apt word.
Must be apt in deals!
- Yes.
Word!
Return my Rs. 10,000 first.
Which 10,000?
- Whom are you asking money from?
We're from the boy's side.
- Right.
Look! Is this the correct way?
How dare you talk impudently!
What are you saying? I didn't
know you'd be so indecent!
We didn't know this family
will be so grumpy.
He's asking for 10,000 rupees.
And for that he's insulting
the guests.
Guests! Are you my guest?
- Yes.
Now I'll recover my money
along with interest.
Hey..
- Just a minute.
Recovery agent..
Here.
Paranjpay! You're insulting
the groom's family.
Mr. Kitturkar, now look at this.
- Who?
Kitturkar, just look at this.
What kind of a man he's!
His status is nothing
in front of you.
He's not related. I'm talking to you.
Why not?
We're Kitturkar. We're same.
Groom's family is insulted.
This marriage is cancelled. - Ok.
No, Mr. Kitturkar. Listen.
- I'll hear him.
No. Come.
- Listen to me.
(Sighs)
They've reached.
- Who?
Rahul and Anjali. Introduce me
to them. We haven't met yet.
Get in.
(Crying)
- Please don't cry. Kitturkar will come.
I'm telling you. Rahul
will come too.
Kitturkar, I knew you'd come.
- He left.
No, you're Kitturkar.
- Yes.
Thanks, dad. You came before you.
Why are you outside?
Let's go in.
We won't step in Paranjpay's..
Paranjpay's house.
He has insulted me.
He insulted you?
- Yes.
My insult is our insult, right?
We won't stay here.
You must've fought with him.
- Me?
Why would I fight? If I'd to fight,
why would I've come here?
You liked the girl,
so I came to see her.
But this Paranjpay
doesn't value me.
Please calm down and tell
us what happened.
What happened?
You're asking me so softly.
This insolent man drove me
out of the house.
What? He drove you out!
He has lost his man!
Many like him work under me.
He..
He drove me out of the house.
That's really strange.
- Yes.
Dad, I'll see to it.
- Don't dare to step in this house.
You want to go to the house
where your father got insulted.
I should be ashamed..
I mean you.
You should be ashamed!
If you step in, I won't see
your face again. Got it?
Dad... But...
- Marriage or dad? Choose one.
Father, does it make sense?
You value your honor
more than my love.
Mother, try to convince him.
But what I heard is terrible?
It's not possible. I don't
want to discuss it again.
(Phone rings)
Hello.
Yes?
Yes, actually sorry..
What are you saying?
What?
Really?
Sure?
What are you saying?
Ok. Yeah!
Father, thank you. Thanks a lot.
What happened?
- You're simply great.
I really misunderstood
you. I'm sorry.
But you're great!
- Tell me, what happened?
Mother, he already fixed
my marriage with Tanuja.
What?
(Clears throat)
Where are you going?
- I'll bring sweets.
Thanks, father.
Come. Come with me.
- Anant.
You don't deserve to live.
You're a burden on this earth!
What? What happened?
What enmity you've with me?
We went to cancel this marriage?
- Correct.
Correct, my foot! We'd cancelled
this marriage.
Yes.
- We'd refused clearly.
Then why did you accept this
proposal. Why did you stay there?
When you left, Paranjpay
won't let me go.
He kept on requesting.
He fell on my feet.
I beg of you.
Accept m daughter.
She loves your son a lot.
She loves Rahul a lot.
- Please leave my feet.
My right leg is weak.
This marriage can't take place.
(Crying)
- Please wait.
Don't cry.
All this belongs to Tanu.
I've nobody besides her.
I tell you, bungalow, car,
money and my business..
..will be transferred
in your name.
In my name?
- Yes.
She's my only daughter. I'll
give everything to you.
What happened?
- You went to Paranjpay as Anant Kitturkar.
So?
- But you're Dhodhapkar.
Yes.
- Even if he transfers the property..
..it'll be in Anant
Kitturkar's name.
What will you gain?
Paranjpay!
Paranjpay tricked me.
He gave me hopes.
Wait! I'll go and cancel
this marriage.
I beg of you. Shut up now!
Let this marriage take place.
After this marriage..
..I'll get Rahul and Tanuja
settled in America.
But I won't spare that Bandya.
I'll surely cancel his marriage.
Why?
Should I throw you down?
(Burps)
Don't belch.
You've to eat more, Rahul.
I'll blow up. I can't eat now.
You didn't eat anything
I served you.
No, it's enough.
- Didn't you like it?
No, the breakfast is
delicious. Really.
Who made it?
- Me!
(Laughs)
Both are good cook.
Thank you.
(Laughs)
I ate such meal after many days.
First class.
You don't get it at home.
I get it, father-in-law..
..but it's different to
eat at your place.
Actually, I get food cooked by
servants, not by my mother.
Your mother doesn't cook.
She has no time.
She has to keep dancing.
Saw!
- What? Have you lost your mind?
For business she has to go
around. That's called dancing.
Yes.
Yes. Take it.
How many servant you've?
Many!
Good!
They keep coming and going.
I don't have time to even count.
You ate?
- Yes. - Wash your hands.
Let's go.
- What's this?
Wipe them.
- Father, what are you doing? - Come.
Come.
- Where?
To your bungalow.
- Why?
To count the servants.
What are you saying?
Let's go.
- No.
Let's go and see the
house. Get ready.
I'm ready.
- Listen.
Actually house is.. closed.
Work is going on. Cleaning
and sweeping!
Don't worry. Let's go there.
Nobody is home.
My parents aren't home.
We saw you parents. We want
to see the bungalow. - Yes.
Let's go. - What are you saying?
- Don't make excuses. Let's go.
What?
- Please.
Now..
What?
I've brought a bike.
We can't all get on my bike.
Will we all sit on one bike.
It won't be right. It's not done.
We'll take a cab.
If you've no money,
I'll pay the fare.
Let's go.
- Please come.
- No.
Leave me.
- Please come.
Come. Come.
- Walk with me.
Come. Yes!
Yes! Yes! Let's hurry.
We'll take a cab.
Drive straight.
- Straight.
Now take right turn.
- Are we there?
Not so soon.
Now take a round.
I think I've forgotten it.
I'll ask for directions.
You'll ask for directions?
- Yes.
Drive straight.
Straight. I know the direction.
Now right.
Yes, right.
Now take a right turn.
No. Left.
You stop talking.
Now take a U- turn.
- Again.
Turn around.
- U- turn? - Yes.
We've to do this to
go to our house.
Good.
Now wait for 2 minutes.
We're on the right track.
Drive straight.
Now take U- turn.
Again? Circumambulate?
- There is a lane in the middle.
Again U- turn?
- There is a short cut.
What going on? Left and right?
Now this circle came twice.
So we'll reach home soon.
Yes. Now take left turn.
Again left?
- Keep quiet. Don't confuse him.
Yes, please. For two minutes.
- Ok.
Take left.
Do you've water?
- Yes.
There.
It's hot. Actually I'm used
to air condition cars.
Enough?
- Yes.
Now pull over.
Left! Yes. There.
Oh dear! - Come, mother-in-law.
- It's great.
Let me see his bungalow.
Oh dear!
Isn't it great!
- Yes.
You're very lucky.
Father-in-law, come.
You want to see the bungalow.
Hey! Mother and father are home.
Come. Get down. What happened?
I'm having chest pain.
- Chest is here.
Father.
- What happened?
I'm having chest pain.
Take me to hospital.
Oh! Why hospital. There is
a doctor in my house.
Doctor Anjali. Look there.
And his son. He's a compounder.
He helps her. - Let's go.
We'll let them check.
What's going on, mother?
- I don't know.
Go down and check.
Get in the car. Your husband is dying.
What are you saying?
Don't talk of death.
I don't want to die
in other's house.
I'll die in my house. Let's go.
What are you doing?
- Was the shock very strong?
He gets chest pain when things go right.
- Really?
Drive the taxi.
It's not starting.
(Speaking Tamil)
What did he say?
- He said, the taxi won't start.
Such a long sentence.
- Oh dear!
You know their language.
- We're Kitturkar.
My death is coming near.
(Bandya) Oh God!
Drive fast!
- Father!
Don't lie on his lap. Get up!
Get up!
What are you doing?
You wanted to see the bungalow.
(Dhodhapkar) No! No!
I won't go anywhere.
What are you doing, Dhodhapkar?
You just have to drop
this letter.
But do you think I'm a postman
or courier boy?
Why do you tell me
to do anything?
You're my trust worthy friend.
This letter is equally
important.
I'll lose millions in business.
I'll go bankrupt. This
involves my business.
Please take my letter.
- Why don't you go?
You know how confusing
it's here!
I can't leave, Dhodhapkar.
- But I don't know your business.
Don't I know that.
- Yes.
You don't have to do anything.
Everything is written
in this letter.
You just have to give
it to the addressed..
..man and take his message.
But..
- No ifs and buts..
Look, Dhodhapkar. My business
is at stake.
Save me somehow.
You've always helped
me in difficulty.
I've trusted you before God.
You've toiled hard and saved me.
You've no desire or
selfish greed.
You've fulfilled
your friendship.
You never refused me.
I'm not refusing even today.
Give me the letter.
Don't worry. Give me.
Dhodhapkar, thanks.
It's a confidential letter.
I've written everything
in it. Ok?
Do I've to say anything?
You won't have to say anything.
Come, I'll arrange to send you.
I mean I'll drop you.
Will I get something to eat?
Wait! Let me finish my chores.
My foot!
He won't get married.
Aaba, I feel he'll surely come.
He fled because he didn't
want to get married.
Why should we waste this
girl's life for Bandya?
Why don't you understand?
I know, but Mr. Rao
should understand.
I'll marry him and serve
you for life.
What's special about Bandya?
Any prince will marry you.
You're so beautiful
and virtuous.
A prince will come
looking for you.
(Aaba coughs)
Greetings.
Greetings..
Who are you?
Come on, Aaba. You
don't have to ask.
(Laughs)
Don't crush the chilies.
Greetings.
Who is she?
- Forget that. Who are you?
I came from Mumbai.
Are you Aaba Kanse?
- Yes.
I've an important work with
you. I've brought a letter.
A letter for me?
- It's important.
From Mumbai?
- Yes.
Letter? Who has sent it?
Read it. You'll know. It's important.
- Ok.
'Respected Aaba Kanse. Greetings.'
'Considering your status in society..'
'..I'm writing this letter
to warn you.'
'Your son Bandopanth Kanse..'
'..has taken up the name
Rahul Kitturkar..'
'..and has fixed marriage with
a girl from low caste.'
'One who brought the letter
posed as his fake father.'
'This is an act to defile
your respected family.'
'Don't leave that person.
He knows everything.'
'Your well-wisher.'
What happened? Where are you going?
Listen..
- Don't say anything.
It's important letter.
- Let me see how he marries.
But..
- Come with me.
Who is it?
(Anant) That's not important.
Listen carefully.
Whom you consider Rahul Kitturkar..
..is an ordinary boy from slum.
Bandya!
Bandya.. - (Anant) If you don't believe,
go to Push Kunj and check it.
Hello. Hello.
Yes.
(Music)
"With a dimple chin, she smiles
to steal the heart."
"With enchanting eyes, she's
a beautiful damsel."
"Bandya, you need
such a partner."
"Bring a new bride home."
"A girl like a blossomed flower.."
"..brother, bring me such
a daughter-in-law."
"A girl like a blossomed flower.."
"..brother, bring me such
a daughter-in-law."
(Music)
"Bandya has come with pomp."
"Even the bride is beauty
personified.
"Bandya, you need
such a partner."
"Bring a new bride home."
"A girl like a blossomed flower.."
"..brother, bring me such
a daughter-in-law."
(Music)
"Bandya has come and wedding
bells are ringing."
"This bride teases him
at the doorstep."
"Bandya, you need
such a partner."
"Bring a new bride home."
"A girl like a blossomed flower.."
"..brother, bring me such
a daughter-in-law."
(Music)
What happened?
Is there any problem?
Go.
- Thanks, friend. Thank you.
Mother, where is the car parked?
There.
- Thank you.
Sorry.
I erred.
Listen to me..
- What?
I saw your wealth.
Where is your bungalow and car?
Listen..
- Don't touch me. Please.
(Aaba) Bandya! I won't spare you.
Aaba, you?
Aaba?
- Yes.
Scum! You recognized
your real father?
You fixed marriage without
telling me.
(Bandya) Listen to me, Aaba.
Is he your father?
- Yes.
Who is he?
- Hired father.
Anant Kitturkar.
Listen..
- You should be locked.
Oh no! It means she's
not your mother.
Hey, hello. Do I look
like a mother?
I did it for him. And chill!
He's like my brother.
Fake mother and fake father!
How dare you!
Aaba, listen.
You're not Rahul Kitturkar.
No. I'm. I'm Rahul.. but..
Understand me.
Are you ashamed to use
your real name?
You changed your parents
for marriage.
Why did you do this?
- To marry a girl from the city.
That's why he came here.
Aaba..
- You tricked me? - No.
You tricked Nalini there.
How am I related to Nalini.
- Meaning?
She's waiting for you and
getting withered.. slim.
Who is Nalini?
- His to-be wife.
His marriage is already fixed.
Yes. I accepted it.
You did it, so how
am I connected?
Aaba, I won't marry Nalini.
I'll marry Rashmi.
Because I love her.
Sorry. I don't love you.
- Heard?
I don't want to marry one who lies.
- Heard again?
Be quiet. Please listen.
I accept I erred, but
try to understand me.
What and why should
I understand?
Fake name, fake parents
and fake status.
Why did you do this?
- For you.
I'd no other option.
I can't bear it.
Father was telling me
again and again..
..but I didn't listen to him.
Now what will happen if he finds out?
- He'll be shocked.
Shocked! He'll give us shock.
Bandya had to do this act
because of that man.
You..
- Correct.
This mess is because of him!
I'll expose him.
Hey! Listen. Now nobody
will say anything.
Why not? Tell me the truth.
How is my father connected?
- He's not connected.
It's my mistake. That day
I came to give you gift..
..I saw you and fell in
love with you. Right?
That's why you feigned love.
- No.
I didn't feign love. I really
loved you. I swear.
Don't swear falsely.
Why did you do this?
There was no other option.
Your father wanted
a rich son-in-law.
Do you think we're poor?
You own 100 acre of land.
What's the use of that land?
- Meaning?
Mr. Rao wants that
land that's why..
..he's getting Nalini
married to me.
Yes. Don't you know?
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
When did I say I wanted
a rich husband?
I was going to tell
you, darling..
Shut up!
- I was scared.
Listen. If I'd told you the
truth, you would've left me.
And I can't live without you.
Do you think I'll marry you now?
- Heard?
Come to village.
- Aaba, I beg of you. Keep quiet.
You tell me to keep quiet.
Bandya is right.
Keep quiet now!
Take him away. I've nothing
to do with him.
Wow! The girl is wise.
Listen. I must've lied,
but my love is true.
Why should I believe you?
Heard? I'm losing trust
that he's my son.
But you used to call him your
son, don't confuse me.
Now keep quiet or I'll slap you.
Are you coming with me or not?
Aaba, I won't marry Nalini.
- You'll go against my words.
Should I ruin my life
for your honour.
I too have desires and dreams.
- Dreams?
That Rao will shoot you.
I'm ready to get shot for Rashmi.
What?
- Yes.
But I won't marry the girl
I don't love.
But the girl you love isn't
ready to marry you.
Tell me, what does Nalu lack?
Look at my Rashmi.
Now tell me, is your Nalini
anything in front of my Rashmi?
Tell me. Why are you quiet?
No!
- So you're ready, Aaba?
Not so.
- You just said it.
Bandya.
- You said it.
Don't trap me.
And you too are trapping me.
What about that?
Such a beautiful and virtuous
daughter-in-law..
..is coming to your house.
Aren't you proud of it?
Aaba, just think..
..tomorrow you'll have
grandchildren..
..fair grandchildren.
When they'll play on fields..
..there won't be difference
between..
..tomatoes and grandchildren.
Entire village will say..
..daughter-in-law should
be like Bandya's wife..
..and grandchildren like Aaba
Kanse's grandchildren.
Bandya, don't say that.
Aaba, tell me. Were any fair
children born in our family?
Look at our complexion.
Is it bad?
- Bad?
Instead of kohl, we've to apply
lime for adornments.
(Laughs)
Bandya, I really
won't marry you.
Aaba.
- I'll see to it that you marry him.
Aaba!
Just a minute. You objected
to this marriage.
Don't confuse me.
Dhodhapkar.. excuse me.
His confusion is cleared.
- Wait.
Tell me, what about Mr. Rao.
I forgot him.
We won't let him know.
We'll see after marriage.
- Ok.
Yes.
- Ok? - Done.
Daughter-in-law, come.
I'll meet your parents.
No, Aaba.
- Now what happened to you?
Father can't tolerate lie.
Yes!
That's why for this marriage,
we've to continue this drama.
Of Rahul Kitturkar?
- Yes.
(Laughs)
It's fine.
- Yes.
Humans are greater than names.
Let it be.
- Mind blowing!
Anant!
(Clears throat)
(Laughs)
I praise you.
I didn't meet anyone
who could defeat me.
Honestly, I've given up. You're great!
Anant, what are you saying?
Have you lost your sense?
I've come to my senses now.
He could've told Rashmi
the truth and got free.
We should play the
games with rules.
If opponent breaks rule, we
still should follow the rule.
After all you're my
father-in-law.
Anant, listen to me.
- Don't say anything. Go.
We're relatives now.
- Yes.
After all you're an outsider.
(Laughs)
(Yawns)
Mother.
Fix the date quickly.
Don't take long.
It's difficult.
Difficult? Then forget it.
We didn't check horoscopes
during our marriage.
That's was a mistake.
- What?
I mean, don't interrupt.
He might make a mistake.
Priest, fix a date quickly.
I'm sleepy. (Yawns)
Mother, please rest.
You can lie down. Feel at home.
Wait.
Before sleeping, fix
the wedding date.
Any dry day will be fine.
Dry day?
Friday. She said Friday.
- Friday.
Friday. - Whatever. We're from
bride's side. Keep quiet!
A jinx has just creeped in.
(Laughs)
What? Is the date fixed?
Aaba! Aaba!
- Yes.
Why do you come here?
Should I come to fix my
son's wedding date?
(Laughs)
Am I on time?
- Listen to me.
Hold this.
- Ok.
Aaba. Listen. There..
Yes.
- Aaba.
You?
- I'm Bandya's father.
Aaba. He's my Aaba.
He calls me Bandya with love.
He's my brother.
He stays in village?
- Really? - Yes.
He's his uncle.
- Yes.
I'll greet him.
- Bless you.
Aaba, she's my mother.
Greetings.
- Aaba.
And he's my father.
- Greetings.
Anant Kitturkar.
- Yes. - I've heard a lot about you.
What?
- Aaba.
Nothing much. Nothing special.
Aaba, please keep quiet.
- I'm not saying anything.
Priest, find the date.
Yes. It's difficult.
- What's difficult?
I forgot to tell you this
important thing.
Aaba.
- Don't consider Bandya ordinary.
He's very rich.
- Yes, he has industries.
No! He has 100 acre of fields.
- Fields?
Yes.
- I've fields too. I've a big land.
Rahul, is he your real uncle?
- Yes.
He's like my son..
- Bandya.
I'm like a son to him.
That's not so. But they
look so different.
Rahul is just like Aaba.
When he was born, I wasn't
in the village.
I was there.
- He's just like him. Right, father?
Yes.
- Right.
That's why I'm giving him
100 acres of land.
I tell you..
- Aaba.
Mother.
- Sleep.
What happened?
- Is the wedding date fixed?
Yes. The stars aren't favorable.
There is problem from
father's side.
You don't need to tell that.
Say it quickly.
There is only one date.
- When?
9th December at 3.13 pm.
Or else there is no other date.
Fix that date.
But how can we do it so soon?
I'm here, papa.
Will you wake her up?
- Yes.
Dear. Dear..
Sister, date is fixed.
Check it if it's suitable
for you.
Date is 9th December at 3.13 pm.
- Yes.
Is it a dry day?
Is it a Friday? She wants to know that.
Yes. It's Friday.
Then it's final.
- Final.
Final.
Yes.
- Congrats.
Give us something sweets to eat now.
- Ok.
I'll get it. What will you've?
One large will be fine.
One large?
- One large..
'Isiz ki pot watmistra.'
Meaning?
- One plate of sweet pudding.
It's a Spanish name. She was
in Spain. I was born there.
Really?
- Yes.
I'll get it.
- "Isiz ki".. - (Phone rings)
Mother, I'll tell you. Come.
I'll get it.
Bandya.
- Mother, you..
You weren't born in Spain,
but in village.
I said Spain. Village is called
Spain in Spanish language.
Hello, darling.
Where are you? When will you
return from Bangalore?
Don't you care for Rahul's wedding?
- Wedding is fixed.
We've fixed the wedding date too.
- Great.
9th December at 3.13 pm.
Oh! 9th December at 3.13 pm.
Priest said there was
no other date.
There is something wrong
with your horoscope.
3. 13. 9. 12.
(Manorama) What are you doing? Come.
- My God!
(Manorama) Are you done?
- (Toilet flushes)
(Manorama) We've to go for shopping.
I think he's done. Come.
Which one? This?
- Yes.
(Bandya) This will look good on Rashmi.
Wow!
- This will work.
Hold it.
Bandya.
- Mother.
Should I wear such clothes?
I mean I want western dress.
- Mother..
..if you don't like
the clothes here,..
..take father to other shop.
Ok.
- But go.
Come, baby.
Oh, dear! They're
so much I love.
I've done double.
I mean, my love for you is double.
Bandya!
- Aaba. Aaba.
You're buying new clothes
and old ones for me.
Family is here. Greetings.
Buy whatever you want.
Banarasi, Kanjivaram, Calcutta.
Anant Kitturkar is here
to pay. Buy them.
How sweet!
I'll decide what to buy
and what not to buy.
You mind your own business.
She scolded me.
This sandals are nice.
- Mother.
I'm getting married too.
Won't you shop for me?
Want ladies sandal?
- Mother, please.
Ok. We'll buy something for you.
You forgot to tell me that you
were going for shopping.
Now buy a nice jacket for me.
Aaba. Only ladies
clothes are here.
You'll get gents clothes
in other store. Come.
Come. - Yes.
- Mother.
Look at that black..
Black? For wedding?
No.
- Buy it to wear on father's birthday.
Aaba.
- Bandya.
Aaba, leave me.
Aaba.
- (Laughs)
It was fun!
Let's go up again.
- Are you a kid?
Buy this and that. Go up and..
How come you're here?
How come he's here?
- Why?
He has only one son.
He came to shop for him.
He's buying clothes for himself.
He was in Bangalore for business.
- Who?
Business is nothing in front
of his son. So he returned.
Mother.
How do I look?
Stunning!
Yes.
- Who is she?
Stunning!
She.. his mister.
I mean sister.
Go and shop. Hurry up.
Come. - Brother and sister
love each other so much.
Anant Kitturkar.
- Listen.
Let them go. Why do you care?
But who are you?
- Me?
Why do you care?
- Who are you to ask him?
He has 100..
Aaba, we've to shop. Come here.
I want this jacket.
You want jacket. But that
shop is upstairs.
Upstairs?
- Go there. - Ok.
Come from here. Walk properly. Come.
Hurry up. Come quickly.
- Bandya.
Bandya. Where are you going?
Bandya, stop. I'm coming.
You didn't tell me that Anant
Rao returned from Bangalore.
What?
- Coming. I'm coming upstairs.
Sister..
- What?
Why didn't you tell me that
Anant Rao came from Bangalore.
No, he's still in Bangalore.
No, I just saw him.
- Where?
In ladies department.
What?
- Yes.
Just a minute.
(Phone rings)
Hello.
- Hello.
Hello. Where are you?
Ah..
Where? I'm in Bangalore.
Didn't I tell you?
Sure?
- Yes.
I'm in an important meeting.
You're strange! You doubt me.
Please don't disturb me.
Ok.
What?
- Didn't I say you must be mistaken?
He's still in Bangalore
in a meeting.
No. I saw him.
His sister was with him.
Sister?
- Yes.
I think they must
be in this mall.
You go there and I'll be there.
Come on.
Oh no!
You?
- Me.
Here too?
- Yes.
Palm Beach Gallery. Mall.
My daughter is getting married.
I came for shopping. Any problem?
Dad came from Bangalore.
Yes, is business important
that a son's wedding?
Where is he?
- He must be around.
I'll check.
- Ok.
Bandya.
- What?
There is a problem?
Tell him.
- Aaba, come here. - Ok.
He's the girl's father.
He won't give dowry in wedding.
Shouldn't we make him spend?
You want that buy.
Go and buy that. Go.
What happened?
There is a problem.
- But what?
Rahul and Anant are
on the premises.
What? - Yes.
- Here? - Yes.
Oh God! Father-in-law,
you invite troubles.
Tell me what to do.
You leave quickly.
- Ok.
"Two plus two.."
"..is four and a half."
"Four and a half."
Excuse me.
- Hi.
Real Rahul.
- Oh God!
You look familiar. Have we met?
Yes, I too feel so.
Where?
- I can't remember.
You go ahead. I'll handle it.
Rashmi. Where were you?
I was looking for you.
Oh! You're here and I
was looking for you.
I was looking for you.
- Let's go to buy clothes. - Yes.
Go. Come.
Oh! Everything looks so nice.
Look!
- Yes.
Look. We should buy something
like that.
Yes.
Oh! These shirts are
hanging upside down.
Yes. It's here.
Oh!
It's nice.
- Yes.
Is it for your son-in-law?
- No, for my son.
My daughter is getting married.
So we're tense.
Pack this.
- We too are tense.
It's my son's marriage..
..but shopping alone is a pain.
My husband is in Bangalore.
Really?
Stand here.
Are you alone?
- No, I've brought him.
I don't let him leave.
Listen.
Where did he go?
You?
- Of course, me.
But you were in Bangalore?
- Yes.
I came. It's my son's wedding.
I came back. For shopping.
Shopping?
- Yes.
Meaning? When I phoned you, you said..
- Pay attention.
A local from Ghatkopar
is coming towards you.
Please stay away. Quickly.
(Anjali) You're shopping here.
Why didn't you tell me?
(Anjali) This is not fair, Anant.
Listen. This shirt is nice
for our son-in-law.
We should buy it.
Come here.
- (Anjali) You were in Bangalore?
Surprise!
- Yes.
Like that..
Please.
(Anjali) You should've phoned me.
Relax. Relax.
(Phone rings) - Move!
- Oh! It's CM's phone.
You shop. I'll talk to him.
Hello. CM. How are you?
- I'll wait for you in the coffee shop.
What happened?
Get aside.
- Hello.
Hello.
Please move.
Stupid fool!
Oh! Hi.
- Hi.
You did your shopping?
- Yes.
If you'd met earlier, I would've
introduced you to my husband.
Your husband? Wasn't
he in Bangalore?
He was in Bangalore, but he
came here to surprise me.
My husband never surprises me.
Bye! See you later.
Ok.
- I've to shop a lot.
Dear! Where are you?
"Two plus two.."
"..is four and half."
(Dhodhapkar) Oh God! We narrowly
escaped today.
Two mothers-in-law, Rahul,
Mr. Paranjpay.
This happened now.
What will happen in wedding?
And your father!
What did he do?
- What?
He keep chattering in between.
So much excitement!
It's his only son's wedding.
He has to be excited.
But so much!
He has added to the confusion!
Make him understand.
He's already wise.
That's why the innocent
man is ready to get..
..his son married in other
name with Rashmi.
I'm scared as he's innocent.
He might act foolishly.
Father-in-law, don't worry.
Tell me, what to do now?
Nothing. There is dead end.
How can we manage two
places at one time?
This is a big problem!
I've solution to your problem.
3. 13. 9. 12. Right?
There is a way to connect
both the stages.
From this side and that side.
- Yes. Got it?
This way will help us out.
- Yes.
We'll move to and fro
when the need be.
This way we can handle
both the weddings.
What if there is a problem?
- What problem?
There will be guests coming
and leaving at the wedding.
Nobody will ever know.
But listen..
- No ifs and buts.
(Snaps finger) Let's arrange everything.
Guests will be coming.
God!
- What?
Not to you, but to God!
Are you there?
Don't shout! Let's go.
Come.
Do you know the plan?
Yes. Don't mess it.
Come, Vasant. Where
are you going?
I'm invited to Kitturkar's wedding.
- Which Kitturkar?
I don't know, but Aaba Kanse
gave me invitation.
Show me.
You can go.
- Ok.
What's the matter?
Come, father.
- Yes.
Look at this.
He's trying to fool Mr. Rao,
the village head.
I'll shoot everyone.
Is this right?
- No!
Come. Come.
- Come.
Welcome.
- Let's go.
Come.
- (Clears throat)
What are you doing here? Get out.
- Me?
Not you, Mr. Anant Rao.
Her daughter's wedding
is there. So go there.
I thought of attending
this wedding first.
I've brought Rs.10,000 as gift.
You'll give me gift
with my money.
Get lost.
Mr. Paranjpay! Be quiet!
His insult is my insult.
- Yes.
Mr. Anant rao, but..
- No ifs and buts.
Sorry. I erred.
- Ok.
I erred.
- Understand?
(Clears throat)
Bring your husband.
- Ok.
Come.
- Yes, come on.
Greetings.
- Who is he?
Anant Kitturkar.
Yes, Anant Kitturkar.
- What?
Didn't I tell you that there
is another Anant Kitturkar?
We just met.
Now? - I came as my daughter
is getting married.
Don't stop. Let's go.
- Ok.
Come.
Greetings.
- Greetings. Welcome.
Come.
Come. Come.
Welcome.
Where is your mother?
She's here.
- Aaba.
She's aunt.
Aaba, she means my mother.
She..
(Whistles)
Oh!
- She's there.
Did you come to dance?
You're my mother.
Come, everyone is waiting.
Come.
- Wait.
Do you know him?
- Greetings.
Handle the money.
- Ok.
I'll let him go when
Dhodhapkar comes.
Greetings.
- He's priest. - Yes.
Look at the result of
fixing such a date.
Think twice before fixing
such a date again.
I want 5 coconuts urgently.
Urgently? Go to the beach.
There will be Madan, the coconut vendor.
- Ask him.
I don't want coconut water.
Get lost. We're in double tension.
Get lost or else..
Greetings.
Call groom's father.
Yes. I'll call him.
- Give me.
Father-in-law, where are you?
I'm here.
But where is Dhodhapkar?
I don't know.
Send him immediately
if you find him.
Ok.
Anant Rao. Where were you?
- I was here.
People are waiting for you.
- Why?
I'll introduce you. - Ok.
- Come. - Come.
What are you doing here?
- Paranjpay.
Ok, come.
He's Mr. Mane.
- Greetings. - Greetings.
Greetings.
Come. Come.
Come from here.
She's Urmila.
- Greetings. - Greetings.
You? Ok. Ok.
- Paranjpay!
Mother, who is that man?
- Who?
The fatso with glasses.
Paranjpay is entertaining him.
He's the other Anant Kitturkar.
Other one?
His daughter is getting married
in the next hall.
Other Anant Kitturkar.
It means..
Her daughter is Rashmi
Kitturkar.
You know here.
- I'd talked to her on phone.
I'd told you.
What a coincidence!
Let's meet her.
- Now?
Rituals will start in 10 minutes.
- So what?
I didn't meet her. Let
me see her once.
It's nearby. Come.
And she's her mother.
And she's..
I've urgent work with him.
Come.
- Ok.
Come quickly.
- Come.
Whom do you want to meet?
Is Rashmi Kitturkar getting married?
- No, not here.
It's her wedding.
Come.
- Where are you going?
Come quickly. It's the
auspicious time.
Do it quickly.
- Hi. - Hi!
What are you doing here? Go away.
She's Rashmi.
- Yes.
Go away. Please listen to me.
We talked on phone.
- What?
I'm Rahul Anant Kitturkar.
Wait. How can you be Rahul
Anant Kitturkar?
Go away.
- Yes.
How? My name is Rahul..
..father's name Anant and
surname Kitturkar.
So I'm Rahul Anant Kitturkar.
Any problem?
Strange! It's strange!
It means there aren't two but
three Anant Kitturkar's.
Yes.
No, but how can Rahul
Kitturkar be two?
Mother-in-law.
- Yes.
If Anant Kitturkar
can be three..
..can't Rahul Anant Kitturkar be two.
- It's possible.
That's possible.
- Yes.
It's the fact.
No, no.
- Listen to me.
Listen to me first.
She talked to him on phone,
but how did she meet you?
How?
Yes.
- Right.
It so happened..
How?
- Like this..
It was a wrong number.
My phone was right, mother.
Oh dear!
- Oh God!
Yes.
- It's strange.
The world is round.
Everything is same.
You?
Recognized me?
- What?
Yes. We met in the mall.
- You're his mother.
It means we'd to meet again.
They meet in a mall.
This is strange too!
Such coincidences!
Come, the auspicious time will pass.
- Yes.
You too are getting married. Go.
- Congratulations.
Come on.
- There are three Anant Kitturkar. So..
I can't tell you now.
- Go.
Bye. Bye.
Come.
God!
Where is he?
So guests, don't leave
without eating.
Don't leave without eating.
Aunt, don't leave
without eating.
Everyone must eat.
Son-in-law.
- Son-in-law!
You left me alone
to face the heat.
And you were hiding! Now
you call me son-in-law.
Don't do this. Go to that side.
They went. You too leave.
Are you blind? Can't you read the board?
No Bandya is getting
married here.
Rahul Kitturkar is
getting married.
Excuse me.
What are you doing here?
- It's my house's work.
It mean your house
is like my house.
Don't worry about it.
I'll tackle them.
Don't worry. Come to that hall.
He's a crazy man. Come.
Groom's parents should sit here.
So my work is done?
- Yes. - Come.
Hurry up. Call the groom's parents.
Coming.
What are you doing?
- You sit.
Let her sit.
- Today is dry day. I won't sit.
They're like my parents.
Let them sit.
- Ok.
Hold this.
- Why me?
Where is groom's father?
I'm calling him for long.
I'll find him. Wait.
Dad, where are you?
I'm here.
Priest is calling you for
the ritual. Come soon.
Tell him to come quickly.
- He's coming.
Come.
One Kitturkar has to
sit with Anjali.
Show me a way or I'll be doomed!
Possibly I'll be doomed!
I'm going.
- Stop. Listen.
Let this wedding take place.
- Ok.
Do as I say.
- Give me your phone. - Here.
Is this Paranjpay's number?
- Yes.
Hello.
- Hello.
Hello, I'm Zhende Patil.
- Minister.
Yes, you took license of
international tourism from us.
You came when you'd.
But you didn't invite me for wedding.
And when I came..
..there is nobody to receive me.
No, listen. Don't be angry.
I'll come outside.
I'm coming.
- Hurry.
Do you know what to do?
- Yes. - Go.
Sit there.
- Ok. - Come.
Come on.
Handle that.
- Ok.
Come.
- Come.
Mr. Paranjpay, where were you?
I'm here.
- Mr. Aaba got furious.
I'm looking for him.
Where is he?
He was just here.
He went there.
- Come.
Greetings. Greetings.
Greetings.
Why are you coming?
Look at Paranjpay.
When he comes, just whistle.
(Soft whistles)
- Not like this, but like this.
You can't even whistle.
Dad, where are you?
I was receiving the guests.
- We were waiting for you.
Wow! Start it.
- Shoes.
Sorry. Sorry.
How can he sit for rituals?
Kitturkar.
It's strange. You forgot.
I'm Anant Kitturkar.
Anant Kitturkar?
- Yes.
But he's Anant Kitturkar.
There are two Anant Kitturkar.
He too is Anant Kitturkar.
But to talk of marriage..
Your father created confusion
at that time.
What?
It means that Kitturkar went
to talk of marriage.
Yes, didn't I tell you?
You told me, you just met him.
I meant I met him today
after that day.
But father thinks that..
Actually your father has
created a big problem.
But now I'm telling you, full and final.
Got it?
Rahul is my son. We both
are Anant Kitturkar..
..but Rahul is my son.
Look, I've no confusion.
He's my dad.
I'm sorry, father.
Let it be.
When kids err, elders forgive
them with a big heart.
But when elders err,
big problems get created.
Come. Don't look there. Priest,
start the ritual.
Start it.
Where did he go?
I'm asking the same.
(Chanting mantras)
Auspicious time is passing by.
Listen, Mr. Paranjpay.
I'll bring sir when he comes.
You go ahead.
Ok.
- Yes.
Yeah!
(Chanting mantras)
Greetings!
(Applause)
Where is that Kitturkar?
I'll shoot today.
What happened? Who are you?
He's getting married
deceiving my sister.
Bandya, marry my daughter.
What?
- Or stand here.
Is this right?
What's the relationship?
Which girl?
What's going on?
Look, we're not related.
You're looking for the Kitturkar
who is in the next hall.
I'll take you. Come.
Come.
Come with me.
Just shoot him.
(Chanting mantras)
Show me.
Come.
(Chanting mantras)
There he is.
(Gunshot)
Bandya, you're marrying
secretly.
I won't spare you.
Bandya!
Move aside!
No, Aaba!
Aaba, leave me.
You know what you did?
What?
You knocked me.
(Laughs)
Shoot him.
- Shoot him.
Wait.
Who are you to shoot my father?
What did you say?
He's your father?
Yes.
- He? - Yes.
He's your father.
- Yes.
It means..
You?
- His wife.
(Gasps)
Doomed!
Rashmi!
- Father.
It means you're his father too.
It means she's your..
She's your daughter.
Daughter.
And you..
His wife.
It means..
Second wife!
Correct.
I don't care about second wife!
Who are you?
You keep quiet!
- Shut up!
Shut up!
- Yes!
You too shut up!
Now you answer me.
There is nothing to say.
Everything is clear.
Wait a minute. Let me talk.
Actually he got married..
You keep quiet! Shut up!
It means your two children are
getting married in one hall.
Correct.
Daughter here and son there.
- Perfect.
It means two wives.
And two families.
We were fools!
It means Anant Kitturkar
isn't three or two..
But only one!
And it's you, father.
It means you fooled them.
Yes.
- You fooled these innocent people.
Let it be. To err is human!
Forget it.
- Right.
Forgive him.
- Listen.
Did you ever lack anything in life?
- Never.
Did my children lack anything in life?
Everything went as per my wish.
Now tell me, aren't
you both happy?
Let bygones be bygones.
You apologize.
- Yes.
What a great man!
He's apologizing.
Forgive him.
Forgive him! My foot!
I won't forgive.
- Me neither.
It means you'll divorce me.
Divorce!
Forget that!
Think of your children's future.
You'll break their marriages.
Ok, first let our
children marry.
We'll see later. Come.
But what about my daughter's
wedding?
Who is your daughter?
- She's there.
Father, don't worry.
We've fixed it.
Who is he?
Everyone got a partner.
But Kitturkar got trapped
between two wives.
Two plus two isn't four..
..but four and half.
"Only after toiling hard.."
"..you'll get to eat."
"This family.."
I didn't know Anant
cooks so well.
It's nothing.
On our honeymoon he made omelet for me.
- Really? - Yes.
He didn't cook for me.
So what did you do?
(Cooker whistle blows)
It's whistle of the cooker.
Listen.
- Yes.
Hot rice is ready.
You want plain rice
or cumin rice.
What do you want?
- Cumin rice.
Cumin rice.
- Get it quickly.
Ok.
(Phone rings)
Answer the phone.
- Ok.
Hello.
- (Girl) Hello.
Yes?
- (Girl) Is this Despande's residence?
No, it's Anant Kitturkar's house.
(Girl) What? Are you Anant Kitturkar too?
Yes. Why?
(Girl) My father's name too
is Anant Kitturkar.
Really?
How old are you?
(Girl) 20 years.
20?
Why don't I remember?
Listen.
- Yes?
Did I go on a tour 21 years ago
for 2- 3 months?
Why?
A 20 year old girl on
phone says her..
..father's name is
Anant Kitturkar.
"Two plus two is four
and a half."